The Show Me feature is a quick way to start with a basic graph,
which you can add to afterwards.
You can find it in the top right of the sheet.
You can see that side by side bars,
wants one or more dimensions and one or more measures.
Try selecting market, category, and profit.
You can hold command or control,
depending on your Operating System and click on multiple fields to select them.
With those selected, select side by side bars and it will create the graph for you.
From there, you can customize the graph.
Show Me is usually a good start,
once you decide what you want to look at.
Feel free to take some time and play around with the Show Me panel.
There are a lot of different plots that you can make.
We might choose to update this by changing the color scheme.